---
title: "Once Upon a Time,"
description: ""
date: "2020-06-05"
tags: ["Stories", "Reason"]
draft: false
---

There was a boy who was known as a shitter, sadly a shitter was he, and his only duty was for duty’s sake.  The boy lived in a hut, minuscule as could be, at the edge of a wood; there, manure, etc., was hauled to be composted--therefore, a shitter would be in dire need, indeed.  The boy was known as “Shitter,” as a plain man with horns on his head and cloven feet said, “Good job today,” and Shitter would never forget it.  To this day, in fact, he probably remembers; honestly, he might not, because as you might would learn if you were to meet a shitter, you would find they don’t have much in the way of temporal memory or cognition.  
The World is, as almost all worlds are, made up of very particular classes and castes, folks who have and folks who do not, and shitters, you might have guessed, are born from nothing, have nothing, are nothing, and die nothing.

The small hut was something, though; the boy’s pa and older brother had built it years ago, long before the shitter ever was.  It was rather long, perhaps 13 or so arms long, and likely two heads high, so just one floor.  Its windows were made of the old clear-metal, the kind of thing no one knew how to make anymore but could still be riveted together if you were clever, and allowed insight into knowing if something that should not be in the yard was in the yard, as well keep weather out and hopefully more comfortable temperatures in; of course, here in the rural fields and hills of Perth, the heat was regular and no clear-metal could change sweating on the couch at Midday’s rest.  

The boy shoveled the shit congruent to expectations, but was always tangentially remorseful that his play and his work ended in shit.  To begin his day in the hut his pa had built he would rise, put on his sandals, take up his club, staff, or whatever stick he found himself currently enamored with, and went into the shit.  The shit was all out back, behind the hut, away from the road that ran perpendicular to this fastidious estate.  The boy took hold of the wheelbarrow with both hands, laid his stick across the handles, and hauled himself and it across the short yard to the wood where the shit was emptied.  From one shitter to another, the boy would load up the wheelbarrow full of shit and bring the cacophony of excrement to the barrels for composting.  He would do this hundreds of times in a day, for the shit was eternal, and a shitter’s life was moving shit from one place to another.  So, his sandals would eventually come off, having become completely encased in refuse like concrete shoes before tossing a soon-to-be-carcass into the lagoon; so, his mind would begin to wander and so too would his day meander to its end.  No one minded when the boy would take up his stick and go deep into the wood for a chance at play; he had worked all day, harder than almost anyone, and what else was there for a silent shitter such as he if not to go rinse off his feet in the creek and try to be rid of all the stink?  He would take up his stick in one hand and ignite the thunder in the other; he would look up at the trees and ask them how they were doing and see behind him the loader.  

The machine was powerful and gargantuan, made of steel and the Old Magics that no one dared to ever speak.  His pa could operate such a machine and on a few occasions even brought poor Shitter along with him.  In fact, Shitter’s pa’s entire enterprise was built on refurbishing these machines to run from the ivory of the dirt instead of whatever constitutions they had before.  The metal men that roamed the world now, albeit a very rare breed, claimed that their Creator entwined in Alchemy was the one to give the world all of its machines.  The shitter had only ever seen one forged man and from a great distance, but he knew what it was the moment he saw it.  The thing stood at least ten heads above the shitter and it stared right through him.  The metal figure had a cloth wrapped around what might have been its head, with no eye sockets, ear holes, or anything at all to give it any senses, but sensed all the same it did and it sensed the boy, the shitter, and it stared right at him; the shitter knew it to be true and more than once knew it, too.  So Shitter stared back.  In a hand he held his stick and in the other the thunder.  The metal man turned and walked away with what might have been a hurried pace.
