---
title: "Rayd"
description: ""
date: "2020-05-30"
tags: ["Characters"]
links: ["keystone", "cloud", "horizon-of-all", "autumn", "turns", "the-way", "this-world", "being", "meaning"]
draft: false
---

Rayd was from the dreary shores far north of the [Keystone](/notes/keystone/) triad cities but not so far north as to be able to see the gear of [Cloud](/notes/cloud/) set upon the [Horizon](/notes/horizon-of-all/); there in the north the miscreants suffered ceaseless winters yet timid summers; the Cloud would rain down upon them for at least a season prior to [Seasons](/notes/autumn/), while some called this Monsoon there they referred to it as Fall, quite literally for the fall of the clouds upon them, which drowned out what little crop there would still be and brought ruin to what could; it was Fall then and high noon, too, as it often is in stories such as these.

The boy was a boy at this time, for he had not yet had the privilege and honor of yet serving in the military but he was destined to do just that; justice he would wield in one hand, but that is for another day.  Today, however, the boy lifted hay and laid it splayed just the same as he did on the previous day; he knew he would do the same tomorrow day; Fall was upon them and the hay must be hauled up to the topmost setting of the barn and set right to eventually undo the bales to let the straw and grain like rain precipitate past the rafters and onto and into the pens below where the poor souls of those that would be eaten in the Winter remained.  There they resided and the boy had a rapport with them; he would pat the horses (who would be eaten in dire circumstances, too) and scrub the pigs (the first to go, once the knife pushed past a finger of fat in their back); sometimes, the boy would even try and roost with the chickens as strange as that might be to imagine—there was not so much to do during the Fall as the mist was thick and ready to deliver All.  The boy found himself sitting out by the shore looking out into the horizon which, to him, seemed flat and of the Void itself; there was nothing to see and nothing to do, not a cloud in the sky to even imagine as the flying Sand whales of the stories he had been read, for all Cloud was now far behind him, for Fall was upon them (be mindful).  

<<<.tc-big-quote
It was in the High Summer I fell in love; it was in the Fall I was damned to All Good Creation.
<<<

The boy had lived on that farmstead for nearly two decades, a few years longer than most boys in the region, until he received his comeuppance:  he was to serve in Legion and would receive his number and sign soon.  His mother was the one to read the papers and as she did she began to shake; she never thought her boy would leave, honestly, she felt he was destined to be one of the first to not serve, one of the new generation that folks had been speaking all too quietly about.  “What are they supposed to do?  There’s no work for half a year.  Not even enough food to keep the men around,” the midwives, wives-to-be, child-bearers and rearers all the same would fuss away around the stoves, “My boy is almost 12 [Turn](/notes/turns/)!  Twelve!”  She said it so deliberately the second time it was spelled out for them; a turn, typically referred as an honorific, so a Turn would be two years, each year of three seasons, six seasons in a Turn. The folks here were worried sick, quite literally, as plague was abound and they spoke heatedly yet hushed of that, too; there was simply not enough food to survive a Winter if it chose to turn Dark; there was not enough food. 

It is rather ironic I died of simple starvation, you see, for he who spited me knew of starvation all too well.  He held his mother in his arms as she withered away; he would have suffered exactly the same fate if it had not been for the call—how bittersweet to know you were leaving your mother to die, to wither away, so that you could go rob, pillage, and serve your state only for your family to die all the same.  Rayd was proud; he would become fat in years to come and the irony of that, too, never sat quite right with them.  It was my pleasure in seeing him grow strong, but of course not before I showed him [The Way](/notes/the-way/). 

Trying to find my place, oh I, oh I—[The World](/notes/this-world/) is not exactly what I expected.  To be cut from the same cloth, some have said, is to know what constitutes another—pardon this cliche, if you can—to know what constitutes another person is to not just know what they from what they are divined, from what they are made, it is to know their Being; I shall seek to elaborate further on Rayd’s [Being](/notes/being/), but first, we must understanding his [Meaning](/notes/meaning/), and before even that, we might know his being, albeit minuscule at first.
