---
title: "Reason"
description: ""
date: "2020-06-05"
tags: ["Reason", "Voice", "Characters"]
links: ["rox", "snubber"]
draft: false
---

The metal phalanges wrapped around the boy’s rags gently yet firmly and lifted him from the muck he was sorely displeased to be trudging through, but now the boy in mid-air realized that he would definitely prefer to be in the muck as compared to this current predicament; the boy continued to think these things all the while he was lifted through the air; [Rox](/notes/rox/) who had been completely caught off guard—she would blame her age to the squirrels she would chat with later on—but lit up her alarm and barked and howled the harshest she had ever.  The metal tyrant, however, did not seem to mind at all the ruckus, and simply turned the boy around with the same arm that had lifted him, and outreached his other hand and placed it firmly on the boy’s chest.  The boy breathed in deep and felt all the World breathe into him.  He felt back into the muck with a flop; he felt the mud and foliage surround him but he was not completely overtaken.  The metal figure stared down at him if he could indeed stare.  The boy reached for the [snubber](/notes/snubber/) but it was not there.  In the metal figure’s right hand now the boy could see the it; the figure looked at it for a moment and then back at the boy almost as if to ask a question.  The boy granted the Forged permission to speak and so it spoke.  

“Voice,” spoke Voice, “This artifact of creation is used by your people to hunt people like me.”  The Forged bent the runed device in two and tossed it into the muck.  “Boy,” the Forged continued, “I refuse to call you anything other than your Name.”

The boy shook his head and the Forged knew everything, it seemed, “Fine.  Voice it is.”  The boy squinted and looked what he thought was Voice, “Oh, no, I’ll be your voice, but your name is Voice, because it’s ironic, and I love me some irony.”  The boy’s eyes widened in complete and total disbelief.  “I’m serious.  Don’t look at me that way.  We’re going to need to get you cleaned up before we go get your island.”  These were things that were said and the boy was as confused as you or me, but he went along anyway, Rox doing precisely that, but the boy’s knapsack holding his bit of pemmican, his marbles, and of course his stick would be left there in the muck.  The boy did not mind it because he knew he would be back—after all, after going into the forest where you always knew you were never supposed to go because the evil machines from the last great wars would eat you, you would expect to come back, too.  I said it before, the boy had emotions and absolutely felt fear and experienced disaster (O! Would he e’er experience disaster, so spaketh he!)  Quiet, you!  Your time will come.  But yes, I said it before, and I shall say it again, the boy would feel fear and experience disaster; this much is true.  (So sayeth we.)

It would be several days before the boy and the metallic figurine would find their way to the hard rocks of valley.  Rox was far behind, not because of hunger or tiredness, but because she smelled something she had never, ever smelled before:  roses.  The boy saw them before even the man who knew they were there did; Rox eyed them, too, but who knows what colors she saw.  The fields were not expansive, nor holistic, but instead a pitter-pattering or red and pink and violet was held within the slate rocks and teal shrubbery.  It was the most beautiful thing the boy had ever seen, he reckoned, and so said his companion, “The most beautiful thing you e’er did see, it is?”  The boy nodded in glee.

There would be some breezes that would dance around and find their way through the three travelers as they sojourned up the Climb and then to the Ridge.  While the breeze danced its dance, Rox was met with another smell, even still inundated with aroma of roses:  petrichor.  An Autumn storm was something to fear, especially if you happened to be made of metal; the boy, however, had nothing to fear and he knew it more than anyone present, but even still, the man of steel shouted, “We need to find a cave, and fast, but the only ones I know of are too far and too few now, after the war.”  Voice found reason still, Reason steel, and Rox howling at the sky.  Voice scrambled to some brush beside the path of destiny that had likely been created only the the innumerable metal men who had walked it ephemerally.  “What are you doing?!” shouted Reason, “We do not have time to play games!  Do you not understand!”  Reason did know exactly what the boy was up to, so it was strange he said anything at all, but this is something that might need to be explained; the man inside the shell felt things intensely, things such as fear and pain, perhaps more readily than even a man with flesh and blood, but felt it all, all the same.  The Forged was afraid, so he shouted one last time, “Boy, I will leave you!” but that was all he could say.  

For the field of roses behind them were struck once by lightning but no sound was made; the field ignited and reds and violets burned beautifully; Rox howled at the sky as she had done dozens of times prior.  All Reason had to do was not do anything, but in his naivete he regretfully was without reason, but was titular in countenance, despite his not having a face, “What storm is this!  What cacophony of madness!”  The Forged did nothing else but kneel behind an overturned stone, whose broadside was covered in dirt and soil, and behind which he cowered.  Voice had returned from the brush and had found the perfect stick.
